#HELP and FAQ

In case of any questions or problems in using the B-SURE, please contact: support@b-sure.net

In case of any feedback or comments, please contact: comments@b-sure.net

For any general info or enquiries, please contact: info@b-sure.net

For updated Help and FAQ, please visit www.b-sure.net

FAQ

What problem is being addressed by B-SURE?

Governments/Public Health Agencies have issued various guidelines for safe re-opening of economy.. These guidelines include symptom screening of any person coming in to the establishment and to keep records of people coming in along with the name and contact info, so that these records can help with contact tracing if someone later is found to be infected. People can be customers, visitors or staff.

However, many businesses are not following the guidelines as they simply cannot afford to do screening and record keeping, as it requires dedicated staff. Even if some follow the screening and record keeping guidelines, it is not being done properly.

B-SURE addresses this problem by providing a free and automated solution to reduce the burden of symptom screening and record keeping by any establishment of any type and size, private or public sector.

An establishment could be any place where people go – for example: offices, stores, educational institutions, service centers, restaurants, bars, gyms, museums, theaters, factories, warehouses etc.

What is B-SURE?

B-SURE is an application designed to minimize infection spread by helping both the general public and establishments to easily and properly comply with health safety guidelines from the governments/public health agencies to screen people and keep records of who visited and when, as a means for contact tracing. All this can be accomplished without incurring additional costs.

People can be staff, customers, or visitors.

How does B-SURE work?

B-SURE is very easy to use. People can register for using B-SURE through the B-SURE Mobile App downloaded through their smartphone or on the B-SURE website.

Registered users can perform daily self-check for infection symptoms through the mobile App or the website. Registered users can print the result of the self-check from the website or just show the pass result on the smartphone screen when they enter any establishment to prove that they do not have infection symptoms on that day.

Every registered user will have a unique ID assigned and it is represented by a QR code. This QR code can be printed from the website or accessed through the B-SURE App using the MY

QR Code feature. Registered users can simply check-in at any establishment by scanning their QR code through a Tablet at the entrance without the need to write their name and contact information.

Alternatively, if you have a smartphone, you can open the B-SURE App and scan the location QR code on the B-SURE poster displayed at the entrance of the establishment using the Check-in feature.

This process protects the privacy as registered users are not sharing their personal contact information with any establishment.

How does B-SURE help general public users?

B-SURE helps general public users by increasing their health safety, saving time, providing better user experience and better protecting their privacy.

This is achieved by helping them to monitor themselves for any infection symptoms by performing a self-check on daily basis. They can show the result of the self-check at any establishment to avoid answering screening questions at the entrance of any establishment. Instead of writing their contact info at every location, they can just scan the QR code to record their visit.

This process helps them enter the establishment quickly, without compromising the privacy by providing their contact info at every location they visit.

In case of anyone visiting that location around the same time is later found to be infected , you will be very quickly informed of the potential exposure to the infection, so that you can seek immediate medical attention and isolate yourself to avoid infecting others.

How does B-SURE help establishments?

An establishment could be any place where people go: for example: private and public sector offices, stores, educational institutions, service centers, restaurants, bars, gyms, museums, theaters, factories, warehouses etc.

B-SURE helps establishments to save time and costs, improve customer experience and increase the health safety of the staff, while fully complying with the health safety guidelines of the government/public health agency.

This is achieved by quickly screening and record keeping of customers, employees and visitors without incurring extra staff efforts.

Instead of asking screening questions, the establishment staff can just see the self-check result on the people’s smart phones or printed result. You can be assured that the result is valid, as the result shows the expiry date and time. The users are required to perform self-check every day, as the self-check result expires at midnight every day.

Instead of writing down their contact information manually, the B-SURE users can just scan the QR code using their smartphone or from a printed QR code.

This process makes the user entry process quick with a better user experience, while it relieves the establishment from incurring extra costs for staff and record keeping.

How does it help governments/public health agencies?

B-SURE helps governments/public health agencies to improve the effective adoption of re-opening guidelines by businesses and other establishments by making it easy and affordable for them to implement the guidelines. In addition, the process becomes standardized with no short cuts.

The visit record data can be used for contact tracing. In addition, the data can be used for performing many valuable analytics.

What is the cost of using B-SURE?

There is no cost to use B-SURE for the people or for the establishments. It is offered as a free service by IIT Alumni Canada, a non-profit organization.

Can I use B-SURE without a Smartphone?

Yes. You can register on the website and perform self-checks and print the results. You can print your QR code and carry it with you. We intend to offer the ability to perform self-checks through a phone in future for those who do not have immediate web or smartphone access or do not wish to use their smartphone for any reason.

What are the various components of B-SURE system?

B-SURE system has three different applications, each for a specific purpose. B-SURE is an application for general public use to perform daily self-checks and check-in at any establishment.

B-SURE-Location is the App for establishments. It helps them to scan user QR codes and accept check-ins from unregistered guests. Establishments have to register their establishments through the www.b-sure.net website. Each establishment will be assigned a unique ID, represented by a QR code. Establishments are required to print this QR code and display it near the entrance.

B-SURE-Health is the App for public health agencies to initiate contact tracing.

What user interfaces are available?

B-SURE is accessible through a web site and smartphone app.

The website iswww.B-sure.net.

Which smart phone versions are supported?

B-SURE supports Android versions from xxx to the current version.

B-SURE supports iOS versions xxx to the current version.

What is required to register myself as a user?

Everyone needs to provide their email address, and optionally your phone number. You can select your own password of minimum 8 characters.

How often should I perform self-check for infection symptoms?

It is recommended that you perform self-check every day in the morning as soon as you get up. The result will be valid until mid-night that day. As a minimum, you need to do self-check before

you visit any establishment (your work, store, gym, etc.) to show them that you are infection symptom free.

How do I get the result of the self-check?

The self-check result is solely based on your answers to the questions asked. You are required to provide honest answers. The self-check result is displayed as a colored symbol. If you are free from infection symptoms and you are not under quarantine or isolation orders, it will be a Green Square symbol. If you are suspected of any symptoms, it will be a Amber Triangle symbol. If your symptoms lead to conclusion that you are most probably infected, or at a high risk, it will be a Red Circle symbol.

You are advised to seek medical attention if you receive a Amber or Red symbol, and avoiding visiting any establishment, other than a healthcare facility.

How correct is the self-check result?

The self-check questions and the method to determine the result are based on Government/Public health guidelines, and have been verified by a Public Health professional. However, it is to be noted that the correctness of the result depends on you correctly and honestly answering the questions.

The self-check only asks if you are experiencing any symptoms. Even if you are not experiencing any infection symptoms, you may still be infected and be asymptomatic. This aspect is not considered for screening purposes.

Can I repeat the self-check for any reason?

You can repeat self-check any number of times in a day. If you made a mistake in answering a question, you can repeat the self-check.

How do I check-in or record the visit to any establishment?

There are two ways. If the establishment has displayed a B-SURE poster with a QR code, you can scan that location QR code with your smartphone using the Check-in feature.

If the establishment has provided a Tablet device, the Tablet can scan your QR code on your smartphone or printed on a paper.

What happens when I check-in at a location?

When you check-in at a location, B-SURE records your visit in the cloud database, along with the date and time and the self-check result.

What if I am not a registered user of B-SURE?

If you are not a registered user, you can still check-in as a Guest on the Tablet device provided by the establishment running the B-SURE Establishment App, by performing your self-check, and providing your email address, and optionally your phone number, so that we can contact you in case of any potential exposure notifications.

What should I do if I am infected?

If you are infected, please inform your healthcare provider that you are a user of B-SURE. They will take care of the rest. If they are not aware of B-SURE, contact us at i info@b-sure.net and provide your doctor’s contact information.

How will I be notified if I had any potential exposure to an infected person?

If any user of B-SURE gets infected, and informs the healthcare provider, you will be receiving an email and/or a SMS message informing you of the potential exposure, if you also happened to visit the same establishment as the infected person around the same time.

How is my privacy protected?

B-SURE has been designed with your privacy in mind. It does not have your name or address. It does not automatically track your location by GPS or Bluetooth, and does not exchange any information from your phone with any other device. We only have your email address and phone number, if provided for the purpose of contacting you.

Your check-in records contain only the anonymized data based on your randomly generated unique ID, and not your actual contact information.

Full details of privacy features of B-SURE can be found in our Privacy Policy.

Usage Instructions for General Public Users

Using B-SURE is very easy and quick.

If you are using the B-SURE App on the Smartphone:

Once you download the B-SURE App, first register yourself using your email and optionally your mobile phone number (should be 10 digits with no spaces or any other special characters).

The password should be a minimum of 8 characters. Your email will be your User ID.

When submit this info, you will receive a 6-digit one-time pin (OTP) to your email submitted. Enter this number to complete the registration.

After that you can access your QR Code through “My QR Code” in the bottom menu.

You can perform Self-check everyday using the “Self-Check” in the bottom menu.

The home page always displays the self-check result symbol. You can show this instead of answering screening questions, if the establishment is also registered with B-SURE.

You can check-in to any location using two ways.

You can scan the QR code of the establishment displayed on a B-SURE poster with your smartphone, through the Check-in feature of the B-SURE App. Alternatively you can scan your QR code on to the Tablet device provided by the establishment running the B-SURE App.

If you are using the B-SURE website: Register yourself at www.b-sure.net using your email and optionally your mobile phone number (should be only 10 digits with no spaces or any other special characters).

The password should be a minimum of 8 characters. Your email will be your User ID

When you submit this info, you will receive a 6-digit one-time pin (OTP) to your email submitted. Enter this number to complete the registration.

Print and carry your QR code using MY QR code menu item.

Complete your self-check daily, print your result and carry it with you.

You can show the printed self-check result instead of answering screening questions.

You can scan your printed QR code on the Tablet device provided by the establishment.

Usage Instructions for Establishments

Establishment users need to first register themselves and then register the establishment atwww.b-sure.net. Each establishment can register multiple locations.

They can print the location QR code poster from the website, and display it at the entrance, for people to scan to check-in.

Instead of asking screening questions, just ask people to show their self-check result on their smartphone or on a printed paper. If it is on a printed paper, check the date and time of validity to accept it.

If you would like to cater to a larger number of people, and those people who do not have smartphones, please download B-SURE-E App on to a tablet, and enter your location code.

Registered users without smartphones can check-in by scanning their printed QR code at the Tablet device. Unregistered users can check-in as Guests using the Tablet.
